README.MD, before:

                        #Learning

## Collection vs Documents
A Database contains a collection, and a collection contains documents and the documents contain data, they are related to each other. 
Database = E-commerce
Collection = User
Documents = Four documents contains name, email and password of the students

## model.countDocuments()
In MongoDB, the countDocuments() method counts the number of documents that matches to the selection criteria. It returns a numeric value that represents the total number of documents that match the selection criteria. It takes two arguments first one is the selection criteria and other is optional. 

This method does not use metadata to return the count. It performs aggregation of the documents and returns a precise count.
You are allowed to use this method in multi-document transactions.
This method returns 0 for empty collection or if the given collection is not present in the database.
In this method, you are not allowed to use $where, $near, and $nearSphere operators as a part of the query expressions. 

<!-- ? REST Operator -->
The rest parameter syntax allows a function to accept an indefinite number of arguments as an array.

Commit message:

Feature: Get all reviews with single product

README.MD, after:

                        #Learning

## Collection vs Documents
A Database contains a collection, and a collection contains documents and the documents contain data, they are related to each other. 
Database = E-commerce
Collection = User
Documents = Four documents contains name, email and password of the students

## model.countDocuments()
In MongoDB, the countDocuments() method counts the number of documents that matches to the selection criteria. It returns a numeric value that represents the total number of documents that match the selection criteria. It takes two arguments first one is the selection criteria and other is optional. 

This method does not use metadata to return the count. It performs aggregation of the documents and returns a precise count.
You are allowed to use this method in multi-document transactions.
This method returns 0 for empty collection or if the given collection is not present in the database.
In this method, you are not allowed to use $where, $near, and $nearSphere operators as a part of the query expressions. 

REST Operator 
The rest parameter syntax allows a function to accept an indefinite number of arguments as an array.

.populate
It allows us to reference documents in other collections.
With the help of populate, we could get specific info about the product when reqesting all reviews.

mongoose virtuals.
In Mongoose, a virtual is a property that is not stored in MongoDB. Virtuals are typically used for computed properties on documents.
